The Listings Sales Unit at LATOKEN crypto exchange focuses on selling listings for new tokens before they are available elsewhere, and on upselling growth activities like airdrops and trading competitions to attract and retain traders.

We enable exceptionally fast growth for hardworking achievers. Our multi-team system allows a junior to join as a lead generation manager, grow to a sales manager, and then spin off his own team as a team lead. His team lead is supportive and will assist, as he will receive a revenue bonus from the spinoff team. You will be able to hire your own recruiter and project manager to expand your team. We share up to 40% of listing revenue, so team leads may consider themselves as Business Partners and have full responsibility over their teams.



Partner Manager

  As a Latoken Partner Manager you are the investment banker of the new era, driving the democratization of capital markets through the "IPO" of pioneering assets. This role requires prior listing sales experience.

  Responsibilities:

  Manage and expand partner relationships to enhance listing opportunities.

  Ensure all deals align with our brand’s reputation and standards.

  Motivate and oversee new Partner Managers, earning a percentage of their generated revenue.

  Achieve sales targets to earn significant bonuses and receive hot leads as incentives.

  Requirements:

  Proven experience in crypto exchange listing sales.

  Fluent English is a must.

  Offer:

  Bonuses up to 40% of revenue from closed deals.

  Receive 20 hot leads for each deal closed.

  Earn up to 15% from the revenue of recruited Partner Managers.

Sales Manager

  The Sales Manager starts as a lead generation manager for probation and should grow to close deals to pass probation. After hiring successful subordinates and/or achieving a high revenue volume independently, he is likely to be promoted to partner manager

  Responsibilities:

  Generate hot leads across social media and other channels.

  Engage in client meetings and workshops to master product knowledge and sales techniques.

  Report on lead metrics during daily standups.

  Grow to close deals, hire, and train subordinates.

  Requirements:

  More than 2 years of experience in lead generation, marketing, and/or sales with proven achievements.

  Strong communication skills, discipline, and a hardworking spirit.

  Knowledge of crypto, or the ability and motivation to learn about crypto quickly, is essential.

  Fluent in English, both written and spoken.

Project Manager / Head

  Overview: As the Project Manager / Team Lead, you will drive the success of our sales operations by ensuring seamless inflow of talent, efficient onboarding, optimized CRM processes, effective communication channels, and robust prospecting tools. You will be responsible for removing any impediments to your team's success, fostering a disciplined, performance-oriented culture.

  Responsibilities:

  Oversee the hiring process and streamline onboarding procedures to enhance team integration.

  Manage and optimize CRM efficiency and other sales tools to ensure peak team performance.

  Monitor key sales metrics, including revenue, trader acquisition, conversion rates, and client acquisition costs.

  Ensure the reliability of communication channels and data protection.

  Remove any obstacles that hinder team success, focusing on process simplification and automation.

  Requirements:

  Proven experience in CRM management, project management, or team leadership.

  Strong ability to identify and remove barriers to team efficiency and success.

  Excellent leadership and communication skills.

  Ability to drive results while minimizing bureaucratic overhead.

  Fluent in English, both written and spoken.As a Sales Operations Manager, you will be responsible for hiring and promoting a disciplined, hardworking culture through a "sport culture" approach, leveraging up or out strategies. The other key responsibilities will include monitoring and controlling sales performance using a dashboard that highlights revenue or number of traders acquired per manager, alongside supporting metrics such as conversion rates, client acquisition costs, response times, overdue tasks, and Net Promoter Scores (NPS).



Growth Manager

  As a Growth Manager at our crypto exchange, you're responsible for the success of token listings and ensuring satisfaction for both projects and traders. You'll manage growth activities, leveraging tokens as community marketing rewards, and upsell co-marketing activities regularly.

  Responsibilities:

  Ensure successful token listings, maintaining satisfaction among project executives and traders.

  Upsell co-marketing activities as part of a recurring sales process.

  Build strong relationships with token project executives, integrating strategic marketing activities.

  Design cost-effective strategies to introduce traders to high-potential tokens.

  Monitor key metrics, manage budgets, and provide detailed performance analysis.

  Lead a team of growth managers as you demonstrate success.

  Requirements:

  Experience in marketing, sales, or account management within the cryptocurrency sector.

  Deep understanding of crypto trends.

  Strong communication and relationship-building skills.

  Proven ability to manage successful product launches and marketing campaigns.



https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Bc2AFhGHs4LsAMgCEdkg0bnTtQPZCZPL/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=108329429932643475560&rtpof=true&sd=true



Learn the presentation above and Pass the Application Test via this link: t.me/latoken_partner/414



Application Test      |      Jobs      |     Why to join LATOKEN?

